Heading level 1.
Toggle switches.
Switch inputs must identify its name,
role, and state.
We start by letting the screen reader
read on its own.
Then we'll start at the top.
Manually grouping.
Toggle your options.
Checkbox not checked.
Alpha off.
Alpha Checkbox not checked.
Bravo off.
Bravo checkbox not checked.
Charlie off.
Charlie out of grouping,
visited link back to toggles Alpha
checkbox not checked.
Checked.
Bravo checked, not checked.